Ingredients:

9 lasagna noodles
1 pound (450g) ground beef
1/2 pound (225g) Italian sausage, casings removed
1 small onion, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 can (28 ounces/800g) crushed tomatoes
2 cans (6 ounces/170g each) tomato paste
1/2 cup water
2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
1 1/2 cups ricotta cheese
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 egg, beaten
Instructions:

Preheat your oven to 375°F (190°C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.

Cook the lasagna noodles according to the package instructions until al dente. Drain and set aside.

In a large skillet or Dutch oven, brown the ground beef and Italian sausage over medium heat. Break the meat into small pieces as it cooks. Once cooked, remove any excess fat from the pan.

Add the chopped onion and minced garlic to the skillet with the meat. Cook until the onion is soft and translucent.

Stir in the crushed tomatoes, tomato paste, water, basil, parsley, salt, sugar, oregano, thyme, and black pepper. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook for about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.

In a separate bowl, combine the ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese, and beaten egg. Mix well.

To assemble the lasagna, spread a thin layer of the meat sauce on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Place three lasagna noodles on top of the sauce, slightly overlapping them.

Spread half of the ricotta cheese mixture over the noodles, followed by a layer of the meat sauce. Sprinkle a third of the shredded mozzarella cheese on top.

Repeat the layers with three more lasagna noodles, the remaining ricotta cheese mixture, meat sauce, and another third of the mozzarella cheese.

Place the final layer of three lasagna noodles on top, followed by the remaining meat sauce. Sprinkle the remaining mozzarella cheese on top.

Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake in the preheated oven for 25 minutes. Then remove the foil and bake for an additional 20 minutes, or until the cheese is bubbly and golden.

Remove the lasagna from the oven and let it rest for about 10 minutes before serving. This will make it easier to slice and serve.

Enjoy your delicious old-school lasagna!
